#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{pdflscape}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
knitr
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize default
\spacing double
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks true
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref section
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\pdf_quoted_options "linkcolor=black, urlcolor=blue, citecolor=blue, pdfstartview={FitH}, hyperfootnotes=false, unicode=true"
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2cm
\topmargin 2.5cm
\rightmargin 1.99cm
\bottommargin 2.5cm
\secnumdepth -2
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Disadvantaged female agro-input dealers of Uganda: Are customer perceptions
 guilty?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Esther was stacking seed packages on the shelves of her agro-input shop
 in a small village in Uganda while thinking about the ingredients she needs
 to purchase to prepare dinner for her children and husband.
 She noticed a maize farmer from her village walking by on the street.
 While her eyes followed the farmer’s footsteps, the farmer entered another
 agro-input store at the end of the street run by Lwanga.
 Lwanga is a young man from Esther’s village who started agro-input dealing
 two years ago.
 Although Esther always tries to store the best quality inputs for her customers
, recently more and more customers have been crowding Lwanga’s shop which
 he renovated after receiving a loan few months ago.
 While her mind crosses the time last year when she desperately tried for
 a loan even after failing to obtain one the year before, she wonders what
 she has been doing wrong in her business.
 Hundreds of Esthers running agro-input shops in Uganda are with similar
 questions.
 Why is it easier for Lwanga to attract customers successfully within two
 years from the start of the business and obtain a loan to renovate his
 shop while Esther struggles to do the same even after being in business
 for a longer time?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
Is it actually Esther’s business strategy that is failing or the customers’
 perceptions about her shop and inputs are at fault? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This is where bias in perceptions and the formation of perceptions based
 on lacking information come into play.
 In rural markets and informal food supply chains, the prominence of imperfect
 information cannot be denied.
 Thus, when decisions are to be made, 
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "economic actors have to rely extensively on perceptions"
target "http://dspace.vnbrims.org:13000/jspui/bitstream/123456789/2224/1/Daniel-Kahneman-Thinking-Fast-and-Slow-.pdf"
literal "false"

\end_inset

 made using limited data.
 Perceptions are influenced by a lot of factors such as social and cultural
 phenomena and prevailing norms.
 Additionally, it is hard for farmers to learn about the actual quality
 of inputs by just observing a seed or fertilizer package.
 
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "Several studies"
target "https://academic.oup.com/qje/article-abstract/132/3/1055/3064350?login=false"
literal "false"

\end_inset

 have shown that in Uganda, there is 
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "considerable heterogeneity"
target "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/00220388.2018.1464143"
literal "false"

\end_inset

 in the actual input quality in the agricultural markets which makes it
 even more difficult to judge the quality of the available inputs.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In traditional societies with strong prominence of societal rules and customs,
 often women are not seen as the best fit for businesses like agro-input
 dealing.
 Uganda is no different from such societies and Ugandan women are mostly
 expected to be engaged in household chores and cater to the daily needs
 of the family.
 Although the ideas of independent earning ventures and modern agricultural
 technology adoptions for women are becoming widespread, government intervention
s and trainings by non-governmental institutions 
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "have still not managed to pull the society towards complete acceptance of women in these roles"
target "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/00220388.2022.2032671"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
 Thus, even if women get empowered by starting an agro-input shop, they
 still struggle to continue doing well in the business, expand their sales
 or secure financial support for renovations or further development of their
 shops.
 These concerns make us skeptical about the presence of 
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "gender bias"
target "https://www.ifpri.org/publication/gender-bias-consumer-perceptions-case-agro-input-dealers-uganda"
literal "false"

\end_inset

 in 
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "customer perceptions within these functioning supply chains"
target "https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/dpr.12662"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Considering the importance of perceptions in food supply chains, quality
 of agricultural inputs and the struggles faced by female economic actors
 in supply chains, we investigated ratings received by agro-input dealers
 from smallholder farmers in 11 districts of southeastern Uganda.
 The ratings were collected during two different rounds in 2021 and 2022.
 The ratings were measured on a scale of 1 (worst) to 5 (best).
 On an average, an individual farmer rated about 2 dealers and an individual
 dealer received ratings from about 12 farmers.
 The farmers were asked to rate based on the following attributes:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Perception about the quality of the agro-input dealer which included general
 quality, location (focusing on accessibility and closeness to customers),
 price (frequency of discounts and competitiveness of the pricing strategy),
 seed quality, stock (number of varieties and availability) and reputation
 (other farmers’ perceptions about a particular dealer).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Perception about the quality of the seed sold by the agro-input dealer which
 included general quality of the seed, yield, drought and pest or disease
 tolerance levels of the purchased seed, time taken for crop maturation
 and seed germination reliability.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
\paragraph_spacing onehalf
Presence of bias 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We observed that after comparing average ratings given to agro-input shops
 managed by both genders (male and female), the results show that agro-input
 shops managed or owned by women are generally rated lower compared to the
 shops managed or owned by men.
 However, highlighting a specific product, seed, tells us a different story.
 Farmers seem to not rate significantly different when asked to rate based
 on the various seed quality attributes.
 This brings us to an alarming conclusion that even though actual differences
 in quality do not persist, structural gender-based differences in customer
 perceptions are clearly prevalent.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Furthermore, since farmer characteristics can also influence the ratings
 farmers give to the agro-input dealers, we also ran farmer fixed effects
 models to control for farmer heterogeneity.
 The results again confirm gender equity bias when farmers rate general
 attributes of the agro-input dealers.
 Additionally, ratings were also different for the dimensions referring
 to the quality of seeds sold by agro-input dealers of different genders.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Zooming into the rating attributes, price competitiveness and reputation
 were particularly found to be disadvantageous for female dealers when we
 concentrate on the dealer characteristics.
 With worse reputation on an average, female agro-input dealers will never
 be successful in attracting or retaining customers.
 Surprisingly, for location which can be identified objectively, there were
 no significant differences in ratings for men and women.
 These findings further emphasize the prevalence of gender bias in perceptions
 of customers.
 Gender equity bias was noticed to be most prominent when male and female
 agro-input dealers were rated for germination rates and maturation period
 of the seeds sold by them.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Our sample suggested that a large share of the agro-input shops are managed
 or owned by women which means many women in Uganda are stepping into these
 crucial parts of the food supply chain.
 But are they succeeding and adopting these activities for a long-term sustenanc
e? Before thinking about an answer to these questions, we need to think
 whether they have all the resources and complete access to agricultural
 markets for future survival.
 Good quality inputs, better shop infrastructure, good services for customers,
 higher profits and motivation for developing agro-input dealing are only
 possible when an agro-input shop gets regular customers and faces no hindrance
 in accessing financial and market support.
 This is feasible when customer perceptions are equally in favor of both
 male- and female- managed agro-input shops.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Women empowerment in agriculture has been on the world stage for several
 years.
 We expect that in the coming years, the agricultural markets and the government
 are able to instigate changes in the perceptions of the economic actors
 and customers within the food supply chains.
 For the most efficacious functioning of food supply chains, it is important
 to promote gender equality at every level to create a more inclusive agricultur
al sector.
 The findings call for policymakers, international development organizations
 and the government to jointly design and implement effective and efficient
 interventions that can promote equal opportunities for both men and women
 and challenge gender norms.
 The end goal is to ensure women succeed as agents of food supply chains
 and entrepreneurs on a par with their male counterparts.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
