#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
knitr
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks true
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\pdf_quoted_options "linkcolor=black, urlcolor=blue, citecolor=blue, pdfstartview={FitH}, hyperfootnotes=false, unicode=true"
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2cm
\topmargin 2.5cm
\rightmargin 2cm
\bottommargin 2.5cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
\begin_inset Preview

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
author{Anusha De
\backslash
thanks{LICOS Center for Institutions and Economic Performance, KULeuven,
 Belgium}, Caroline Miehe 
\backslash
footnotemark[1] , and Bjorn Van Campenhout
\backslash
thanks{Development Strategy and Governance Division, International Food
 Policy Research Institute, United States} 
\backslash
footnotemark[1]}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset

Gender equity bias in consumer perceptions: the case of agro-input dealers
 in Uganda 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
Faced with incomplete and imperfect information, economic actors rely predominan
tly on perceptions and often base decisions on heuristics prone to bias.
 Gender bias in perceptions favoring men has been found in a wide variety
 of settings and may be an important reason why some sectors are dominated
 by men and gender gaps persist.
 Using ratings provided by smallholder farmers of agro-input dealers in
 their vicinity, we test if farmers perceive male managed agro-input shops
 differently than agro-input shops managed by a woman.
 After controlling for input dealer level observable characteristics and
 including fixed effects to account for farmer level heterogeneity, we find
 that farmers rate male managed agro-input outlets higher on a range of
 attributes related to the dealership in general, as well as when farmers
 are asked to consider the quality of inputs sold by the dealer.
 Our results suggest that biased perceptions by consumers continue to be
 an important entry barrier for women in the sub-sector, and we conclude
 that policies and interventions designed to challenge gender norms and
 customs are needed to correct bias in perceptions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

<<code,  echo=FALSE, warning = FALSE, message=FALSE>>=
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

path <- getwd()
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

source(paste(path, "code/perceptions_seed.R
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, sep = "/"))
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

@
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the context of imperfect information, economic actors rely predominantly
 on perceptions and use mental shortcuts to make decisions using limited
 data 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "daniel2017thinking"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
 Reliance on instinct and emotions becomes dominant if it is difficult for
 economic actors to objectively assess the value of the commodity or service
 being transacted.
 However, perceptions and decision heuristics may suffer from a variety
 of cognitive biases such as stereotype thinking, and may be influenced
 by social and cultural phenomena such as homophily effects and prevailing
 norms and customs.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Agricultural inputs such as inorganic fertilizer or improved seed varieties
 lie somewhere on the continuum between experience goods and credence goods.
 When farmers inspect goods at the agro-input shop, the quality can only
 be assessed superficially from readily observable characteristics such
 as homogeneity of the seed or by checking if the fertilizer package is
 intact.
 Even after the commodity has been used and yields can be observed, it may
 still be difficult for the farmer to learn about the quality of the input,
 as many other factors in addition to the input affect yield.
 As such, when farmers decide to acquire agricultural inputs or not, perceptions
 and emotions often take the upper hand.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In addition to the fact that quality of agricultural inputs is difficult
 to judge, several studies note that there is considerable heterogeneity
 in the quality inputs on the market.
 For instance, in Uganda, 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "10.1093/qje/qjx009"
literal "false"

\end_inset

 tested agricultural inputs purchased in local markets, and found that 30%
 of nutrient is missing in fertilizer, and hybrid maize seed is estimated
 to contain less than 50% authentic seeds.
 Also in Uganda, 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "doi:10.1080/00220388.2018.1464143"
literal "false"

\end_inset

 tested herbicides and found that the average bottle in their sample was
 missing 15% of the active ingredient and 31% of samples contain less than
 75% of the ingredient advertised.
 While it remains unclear if quality related issues are due to deliberate
 adulteration or poor storage and handling and at what point in the value
 chain quality starts to deteriorate, the resulting uncertainty makes reliance
 on perceptions and decision heuristics more likely 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "BARRIGA2020104928"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In traditional societies with strong gender norms and customs, small businesses
 at different nodes along food supply chains are often one of the few options
 open to women to earn some money independently from the husband.
 While rapid urbanization has led to the emergence of fast food restaurants,
 informal food vendors, who tend to be self-employed women, are still the
 main source of food for the majority of households 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "GIROUX2021101997"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
 And while supermarkets are emerging throughout the developing world, wet
 markets mostly populated by women continue to account for the majority
 of expenditure on fresh produce in many countries 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "GORTON20111624"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
 In Uganda, we find that a surprisingly large share of agro-input shops
 are operated and/or managed by women.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
However, the same gender norms and customs may also mean that perceptions
 are stacked against women.
 Farmers, both male and female, may be of the opinion that modern agricultural
 technologies are in the male domain.
 Furthermore, agro-input shops primarily deal in seed for semi-commercial
 crops such as maize or rice, as opposed to food security crops such as
 beans or cassava.
 Again, commercial crops are often considered to be the responsibility of
 the men, while women are assumed to take care of the household food supply.
 As a result, we conjecture that female managed agro-input shops may be
 disadvantaged when farmers form opinions about the quality of services
 rendered or good sold.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In this paper, we test if farmers perceive agro-input shops managed by women
 less favorably than agro-input shops under male management using a unique
 dyadic dataset of farmer-dealer combinations.
 To operationalize perceptions, we asked farmer to rate agro-input dealers,
 on a scale of 1 to 5, on a range of characteristics.
 We then make between-dealer comparisons, accounting for observable differences
 in the quality of male- and female-managed shops.
 Furthermore, we use the fact that a farmer will generally have rated more
 than one agro-input dealer.
 If the same farmer rates both male and female managed agro-input shops,
 we can exploit this within-farmer variation and control for farmer specific
 observable and unobservable characteristics.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We find that farmers generally rate male managed agro-input shops more favorable
 than agro-input shops managed by a woman.
 The difference in rating is highest when farmers are asked to rate the
 agro-input dealership in terms of price competitiveness and in terms of
 reputation.
 We also find that seed from male managed agro-input shops is rated higher
 than seed from shops managed by a woman.
 As the differences in ratings can not be immediately explained by differences
 in the quality of the dealerships or the services and products they provide,
 we conclude that biased perceptions create an important disadvantage for
 female managed agro-input shops.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the remainder of this article we first situate the research question
 in the wider literature.
 The next section provides the context for the study and describes the main
 economic actors: agro-input dealers and smallholder maize farmers.
 We then describe how we measure perceptions, a key variable in this study.
 Next, we lay out the empirical strategy, followed by the results.
 A final section concludes and offers some policy guidance.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Research question and relation to the literature
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We aim to test if gender equity bias—behavior that shows favoritism toward
 one gender over another—is present in the way smallholder maize farmers
 in southwestern Uganda perceive agro-input dealers in their neighborhood.
 Gender equity bias has been confirmed in a wide varieties of contexts,
 usually when one or more persons are asked to assess the performance another
 person.
 Stereotyping and role congruence are often catalysts for distorted perceptions
 and false beliefs about the abilities of particular groups of people.
 We highlight some of the most important studies that search for systematic
 bias related to the gender of the person being assessed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
One area where gender equity bias has been studied extensively is in scientific
 publishing using peer review.
 For instance, 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "10.1093/qje/qjz035"
literal "false"

\end_inset

 look at differences in rejection rates at four top economics journals.
 They compare male authored papers to female authored papers, using citations
 as a noisy measure of quality to account of potential sources of divergence
 between the two.
 They find that editors largely follow the referees, resulting in a 1.7 percentag
e point lower probability of a revise and re-submit verdict for papers with
 female authors relative to a citation-maximizing benchmark.
 However, evidence on gender biases in the evaluation of economic research
 remains mixed.
 For example, 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "chari2017gender"
literal "false"

\end_inset

 find no disparity in the acceptance rates of female- and male-authored
 papers for National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER) conferences; 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "https://doi.org/10.1111/obes.12409"
literal "false"

\end_inset

 do find a significant advantage for male authors being accepted at three
 different European conferences.
 Gender equity bias has also been studied extensively in student evaluations
 of teaching.
 For instance, 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "mitchell2018gender"
literal "false"

\end_inset

 find that the language students use in evaluations regarding male professors
 is significantly different than language used in evaluating female professors.
 They also show that a male instructor administering an identical online
 course as a female instructor receives higher ordinal scores in teaching
 evaluations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gender equity bias is studied most in the context of peer review processes
 such as those mentioned above.
 However, the same perceptions surface when individuals decide on who to
 engage with, be it who to work with, who to elect as leaders, or who to
 consult.
 Labour markets and hiring decisions involve situations where managers make
 decisions based on limited information.
 Discrimination in labour markets, including discrimination related to gender,
 has been documented in several studies.
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "wu2020gender"
literal "false"

\end_inset

 uses data from an online forum for economics called 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Economic Job Market Rumors
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 to measures gender bias in discussions about women versus men.
 Gender equity bias is also often studied in the context of the wage gap,
 whereby women appear to make substantially less money for the same work
 as their male counterparts.
 Often, this is also tied to gender equity bias in performance appraisals,
 when (often male) managers’ beliefs creep into their evaluations of workers
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "doi:10.1177/0003122420962080"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gender equity bias is also pervasive in politics.
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "10.3389/fpsyg.2021.712646"
literal "false"

\end_inset

 use Natural Language Processing (NLP) to search for gender bias in Kenya's
 leading newspaper and used sentiment analysis to predict quantitative sentiment
 scores for sentences surrounding female leader names compared to male leader
 names.
 They find evidence of improvement in gender equality but also a backlash
 from increased female representation in high-level governmental leadership.
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "10.1093/jeea/jvab028"
literal "false"

\end_inset

 find that female candidates obtain fewer votes in municipalities with higher
 gender earnings gaps.
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "KLEIN2021257"
literal "false"

\end_inset

 find that financial advisor's gender is one of the most important factors
 influencing a consumer's decision when choosing an investment advisor.
 Female advisors’ gender was found to have a negative effect on the desire
 to invest, and this negative attitude was found to be significantly higher
 among male respondents.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The reason why gender bias features so prominently in areas such as scholarly
 peer review, teaching assessments or labour markets is partly due to the
 fact that perceptions are made explicit in the process, for instance through
 review reports, student feedback or hiring committees.
 However, in economic transactions, gender bias in perceptions remains hidden
 as perceptions are never measured and differences in outcomes is attributed
 to various other causes, such as differences in education levels between
 men and women.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Study context
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Our study area comprises of 11 districts in southeastern Uganda, which roughly
 corresponds to the Busoga kingdom.
 In these districts, we carried out a census of all agro-input shops, which
 resulted in an effective sample size of about 350 dealers.
 Based on location, these agro-input shops are then grouped in catchment
 areas.
 In some catchment areas, there is a high density of agro input dealers,
 while in others there are only one or two agro-input dealers.
 In each catchment area, we also sampled farmers in proportion to the number
 of agro-input dealers in the catchment area.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There is quite some heterogeneity in the agro-input shops.
 Some are small informal shops located in rural areas, that sell other goods
 and only stock seed during the planting season.
 Others are located in towns or trading centers and specialize in farm inputs
 and tools.
 About 60 percent of the agro-input shop managers are male.
 The average shop receives about 40 customers a day, half of which come
 there to buy maize seed and has been in operation for about 6 years.
 The shop has on average about 3 maize seed varieties in stock.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The average farmer in our sample is small, with about 3.3 acres of land for
 crop production.
 Half of our sample indicate that they used improved maize seed on at least
 one plot in the season preceding the survey, and of the farmers that used
 improved seed, two thirds obtained the seed from an agro-input shop.
 However, use of fertilizer is very low.
 As a result, productivity is also low with the average farmer harvesting
 only about 500 kg of maize per acre.
 Almost 70 percent of farmers are of the opinion that maize sold at the
 agro-input shop is counterfeit.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Measuring perceptions
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec:Data-and-indicators"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Central to our analysis is the quantification of the perceptions of the
 quality of services provided by agro-input dealers and of the products
 they sell—improved maize seed varieties in particular.
 To do so, we asked farmers to rate agro-input dealers in their catchment
 area on a range of attributes.
 We broadly categorized the attributes into two families of indicators.
 A first set of indicators attempts to measure overall quality of agro-input
 dealers and the services they provide, while a second set of indicators
 has a much more narrow focus and asks about a particular product sold by
 the agro-input dealer (maize seed).
 Note that as agro-input dealers are often clustered in towns and trading
 centers, farmers often rank several agro-input dealers.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To measure the (perceived) quality of agro-input dealers, farmers were asked
 to rate these dealers on a scale of 1 to 5 on their general quality, location
 (convenience, accessibility, closeness to clients), price (competitive
 pricing, discounts), seed quality, stock (availability of seed, number
 of varieties in stock), and reputation (what do other farmers think about
 the agro-input dealer).
 We also compute an average of these six dealer level ratings.
 Mind that for these indicators, farmers were asked to rate the shop as
 a whole, which also includes the person who operates the shop.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
It may be that the shop is owned by a particular persons, but the owner
 employs someone to manage the shop.
 This is especially the case for larger shops in town.
 In villages and trading centers, the shop owner is generally also the manager.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To measure the (perceived) quality of seed, farmers were asked to rate the
 maize seed that dealers sell on a scale of 1 to 5 on its general quality,
 yield, drought tolerance, pest/disease tolerance, crop duration/maturation
 period, and germination reliability.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Some of these attributes may be variety specific.
 For instance, some hybrid seed may be particularly drought tolerant, why
 other seed may be higher yielding.
 Therefore, we specifically asked farmers to rate seed relative to what
 is advertised for these attributes.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset

 We also compute an average of these six seed level ratings.
 Note that for these variables, farmers were asked to rate seed, the product
 itself.
 Farmers were also allowed to indicate that they could not rate seed on
 a particular dimension (for instance because they never bought seed from
 the agro-input dealer).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We asked farmers to rate agro-input dealers twice, a first time in April
 2021 and a second time in January 2022.
 The average farmer in our data-set provided ratings for about two agro-input
 dealers, with some farmers rating up to 15 agro-input dealers.
 The average agro-input shop received ratings from almost 12 farmers, while
 one agro-input shop got ratings from almost 50 farmers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Empirical strategy
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Our empirical strategy exploits the particular nature of the data, where
 each farmer in our dataset rates several input dealers (and each input
 dealer is rated by several farmers).
 A useful starting point is the following specification:
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
To keep notation simple, we omit the time subscript, even though as mentioned
 in Section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:Data-and-indicators"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

, farmers were asked to rate agro-input dealers twice.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
y_{f,d}=\alpha+\beta g_{d}+\varepsilon_{f,d}\label{eq:base}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Here, 
\begin_inset Formula $y_{f,d}$
\end_inset

 represents the rating, on a scale of 1 (poor) to 5 (excellent), given by
 farmer 
\emph on
f
\emph default
 to agro-input dealer 
\emph on
d
\emph default
.
 
\begin_inset Formula $g_{d}$
\end_inset

 is the the main variable of interest—the gender of dealer 
\emph on
d
\emph default
.
 
\begin_inset Formula $\alpha$
\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset Formula $\beta$
\end_inset

 are parameters to be estimated, and 
\begin_inset Formula $\varepsilon_{f,d}$
\end_inset

 is a residual.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Because the same farmer may rate several agro-input dealers, we can not
 assume that the ratings 
\begin_inset Formula $y_{f,d}$
\end_inset

 in equation 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "eq:base"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 are independent.
 For example, the ratings that a farmer gives may be affected by a (potentially
 unobservable) characteristic of the farmer (eg.
 a poor experience with an agro-input dealer in a previous year), which
 may affect the ratings received by all agro-input dealers that were rate
 by this particular farmer.
 Furthermore, the same agro-input dealer may be rated by several farmers,
 leading to interdependence in the other dimension.
 For example, the ratings that an agro-input dealer receives my be affected
 by a (potentially unobservable) characteristic of the agro-input dealer
 (eg.
 dealer effort), which may affect the ratings given by all farmers that
 rated this particular agro-input dealer.
 To account for this two-way interdependence, in equation 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "eq:base"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

, we define a composite error term, 
\begin_inset Formula $\left(\varepsilon_{f,d}\right)$
\end_inset

 that can be decomposed into a farmer specific component 
\begin_inset Formula $\left(\nu_{f}\right)$
\end_inset

, an input dealer specific component 
\begin_inset Formula $\left(\omega_{d}\right)$
\end_inset

 and a residual 
\begin_inset Formula $\left(\epsilon_{f,d}\right)$
\end_inset

 that varies at the level of the farmer-dealer interaction.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
\varepsilon_{f,d}=\nu_{f}+\omega_{d}+\epsilon_{f,d}\label{eq:error-component}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Equation 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "eq:error-component"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 shows that dyadic nature of our data leads to two-way clustering in the
 error term.
 As long as the error term is uncorrelated with the explanatory variable(s)
 included in equation 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "eq:base"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

, Ordinary Least Squares (OLS) remains consistent.
 However, not taking into account within-cluster error correlation generally
 leads to standard errors that are biased downward, leading to under-rejection
 of the null of no effect.
 In our case, it should be noted that clustering is non-nested.
 As traditional cluster-robust inference can only deal with clustering in
 one of the dimensions, our strategy will consist of including sufficient
 regressors to minimize concerns about error correlation at the agro-input
 dealer level, and then cluster standard errors at farmer level 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "Cameron2015b"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A useful starting point to test for an agro-input dealer gender effect is
 to simply compare average ratings received by male managed agro-input shops
 to average ratings received by female managed agro-input shops.
 Equation 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "eq:six-1"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 shows how this can be done using a simple OLS regression on input-dealer
 level averages.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
\frac{1}{F}\underset{f}{\sum}y_{f,d}=\alpha+\beta\frac{1}{F}\underset{f}{\sum}g_{d}+\frac{1}{F}\underset{f}{\sum}\nu_{f}+\frac{1}{F}\underset{f}{\sum}\omega{}_{d}+\frac{1}{F}\underset{f}{\sum}\epsilon_{f,d}\label{eq:six-1}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
\overline{y}_{d}=\mu+\gamma g_{d}+\overline{\varepsilon}_{d}\label{eq:four-1}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In equation 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "eq:six-1"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

, identification of the gender equity effect 
\begin_inset Formula $\left(\beta\right)$
\end_inset

 relies on differences between agro-input dealers.
 As dealer gender is constant for all farmers that rate a particular dealer,
 the average 
\begin_inset Formula $g_{d}$
\end_inset

 is also a binary indicator of the gender of that particular dealer 
\emph on
d
\emph default
.
 The farmer specific specific component 
\begin_inset Formula $\nu_{f}$
\end_inset

 is absorbed in the intercept term 
\begin_inset Formula $\mu$
\end_inset


\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
not really, this would only be the case if the same set of farmers rate
 all agro-input dealers.
 Can we assume this is the case on average though? Maybe we should put this
 in a footnote.
 Furthermore, it may also be important to note that an OLS on the means
 gives equal weight to each agro input dealer (regardless of how many farmers
 ranked the agro input dealer).
 A regression on the dyadic data like equation 1 would result in a cluster
 weighted regression.
\end_layout

\end_inset

, while the dealer specific component 
\begin_inset Formula $\omega_{d}$
\end_inset

 is now included in the error term 
\begin_inset Formula $\overline{\varepsilon}.$
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It is important to note that in equation 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "eq:four-1"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

, the error component 
\begin_inset Formula $\frac{1}{F}\underset{f}{\sum}\omega{}_{d}$
\end_inset

 in the error term 
\begin_inset Formula $\overline{\varepsilon}_{d}$
\end_inset

 may be correlated to the independent variable 
\begin_inset Formula $g_{d}$
\end_inset

.
 This would be the case if, for example, female agro-input shop managers
 are on average lower educated than male agro-input shop managers, and lower
 educated agro-input dealers are rated lower by farmers.
 In this case, differential ratings are not caused by gender in itself,
 but rather driven by differences in education.
 We will control for a range of agro-input dealer level potential confounders
 by including them as additional regressors 
\begin_inset Formula $\left(x_{d}\right)$
\end_inset

 in equation 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "eq:four-1"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
\overline{y}_{d}=\mu+\gamma g_{d}+\varphi x_{d}+\overline{\varepsilon}_{d}\label{eq:four-1-1}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As we are interested in explaining gender equity bias in perceptions in
 different dimensions, the set of control variables used will also differ.
 For example, when farmers are asked to rate agro-input dealers in terms
 of price competitiveness, it seems reasonable to include prices charged
 by agro-input dealers.
 Similarly, for perceptions related to the quality of seed sold, we are
 particularly interested in testing if the coefficient on the gender of
 the input dealer changes after adjusting for various observable input dealer
 characteristics that are directly related to quality, such as storage technolog
y, infrastructure such as leak proof roof or insulation, etc.
 In this way, we attempt to differentiate between situations where farmers
 perceive female managed agro-input shops less favorably and situations
 where differences in ratings reflect real differences between male and
 female managed shops.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Farmer level characteristics could also confound the relationship between
 an agro-input dealer's gender and the rating that the farmer provides.
 For example, it may be that farmers that are better educated generally
 provide higher ratings.
 At the same time, it may be that farmers that are higher educated are more
 inclined to shop at male owned agro-input dealerships.
 This makes it difficult to differentiate a gender equity effect from an
 effect arising from differences in education of the farmer.
 Fortunately, we often have instances where the same farmer rates both male
 and female managed agro-input shops.
 This allows us to exploit within-farmer variation for identification.
 While we would be able to control for a farmer's education level by simply
 including it in an OLS regression, a within-farmer transformation also
 controls for characteristics which would be difficult or impossible to
 measure and to control for, like motivation, kindness, locus of control,
 norms and values, etc.
 In other words, the within-farmer (fixed effects) estimator removes all
 farmer level heterogeneity.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
y_{f,d}-\frac{1}{D}\underset{d}{\sum}y_{f,d}=\beta\left(g_{f,d}-\frac{1}{D}\underset{d}{\sum}g_{fd}\right)+\left(\varepsilon_{f,d}-\frac{1}{D}\underset{d}{\sum}\varepsilon_{f,d}\right)\label{eq:four}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
y_{f,d}-\overline{y}_{f}=\gamma\left(g_{f,d}-\overline{g}_{f}\right)+\varepsilon_{f,d}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Finally, we will also run fixed effects model that, in addition for controlling
 for farmer heterogeneity through fixed effects, also controls for dealer
 level observable characteristics.
 We will again do this by including additional regressors 
\begin_inset Formula $\left(x_{d}\right)$
\end_inset

 in equation 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "eq:four"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

, which leads to:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
y_{f,d}-\overline{y}_{f}=\gamma\left(g_{f,d}-\overline{g}_{f}\right)+\varphi\left(x_{f,d}-\overline{x}_{f}\right)+\varepsilon_{f,d}\label{eq:fe_contr}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Results
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_dealer_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 reports differences on perceived agro-input dealer quality between male
 and female managed agro-input outlets using an OLS regression based on
 equation 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "eq:four-1"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

.
 We find that on all but one dimension, male managed agro-input shops are
 rated higher than female managed shops, and the difference in rating is
 significant for five out of the seven comparisons (at a 10 percent significance
 level).
 The largest difference is found when farmers are asked to rate price competitiv
eness of the agro-input dealers.
 Here, female managed agro-input shops are scored only 3.237 out of 5, while
 male managed agro-input shops receive a score of 3.437 out of 5.
 Equally large differences exist when farmers are asked to rate an agro-input
 dealer in terms of product availability.
 Heremale managed agro-input shops receive an average score of almost 4
 out of five, while female dealers get 3.792.
 Interestingly, female managed agro-input shops are not rated significantly
 worse when asked about the quality of seed sold.
 They also appear to be equally rated with respect to location.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Between dealers model focusing on dealer ratings (control variables not
 included, Q1).
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:q1_betw_dealers_dealer_no_controls"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize 
\backslash
begin{center} 
\backslash
begin{tabular}{@{
\backslash
extracolsep{5pt}}lccccccc}  
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]
\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]   & 
\backslash
multicolumn{7}{c}{
\backslash
textit{
\backslash
footnotesize Dependent variable: Average of all the ratings received by
 dealers}} 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-8} 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex] & 
\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Average}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Dealer's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Dealer's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Dealer's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Dealer's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Dealer's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Dealer's}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {dealer}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {general}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {location}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {price}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {seed}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {stock}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {reputation}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {rating}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {quality}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {quality}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex] & (1) & (2) & (3) & (4) & (5)& (6)& (7) 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\backslash
hline 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Constant}                  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[1,1]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[1,2]}$  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[1,3]}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[1,4]}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[1,5]}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[1,6]}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[1,7]}$   
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

  &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[2,1]})$   &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[2,2]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[2,3]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[2,4]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[2,5]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[2,6]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[2,7]})$  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Dealer is male}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[4,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s7[6,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(s7[6,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(s7[6,1]<.1,"*","")))}
}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[4,2]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s7[6,2]<.01,"***",ifelse(s7[6,2]<.05,"**",ifelse(s7[6,2]<.1,"*","")))}
}$  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[4,3]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s7[6,3]<.01,"***",ifelse(s7[6,3]<.05,"**",ifelse(s7[6,3]<.1,"*","")))}
}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[4,4]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s7[6,4]<.01,"***",ifelse(s7[6,4]<.05,"**",ifelse(s7[6,4]<.1,"*","")))}
}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[4,5]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s7[6,5]<.01,"***",ifelse(s7[6,5]<.05,"**",ifelse(s7[6,5]<.1,"*","")))}
}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[4,6]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s7[6,6]<.01,"***",ifelse(s7[6,6]<.05,"**",ifelse(s7[6,6]<.1,"*","")))}
}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[4,7]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s7[6,7]<.01,"***",ifelse(s7[6,7]<.05,"**",ifelse(s7[6,7]<.1,"*","")))}
}$   
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[5,1]})$   &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[5,2]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[5,3]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[5,4]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[5,5]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[5,6]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[5,7]})$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

     
\backslash

\backslash
 
\backslash
hline 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Number of obs.}                 &  $
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[9,1]}$   &  $
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[9,2]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[9,3]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[9,4]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[9,5]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[9,6]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s7[9,7]}$   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{8}{l}{ 
\backslash
scriptsize{$^{***}p<0.01$; $^{**}p<0.05$; $^{*}p<0.1$.}} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{tabular} 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
tiny
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: Here, the gender of the dealer is a dummy variable where 1 is male
 and 0 is female.
 The ratings received by the dealers are averaged at the dealer level.
 Standard errors are presented in ().
 
\backslash
label{table:table7} 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_seed_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 repeats the between input dealer analysis, but now compares ratings for
 seed quality attributes sold by the agro-input dealers.
 While we still find that on most characteristics, male managed agro-input
 shops get a higher rating than female managed agro-input shops, the differences
 are never significant.
 Note also that the results are consistent with what was found in table
 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_dealer_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

, where we also failed to find a significant difference when asked about
 seed quality.
 This may suggest that when farmers are asked to think about a particular
 product, farmers make abstraction of the person selling it and the gender
 effect becomes less important.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Between dealers model focusing on seed ratings (control variables not included,
 Q1).
 
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:q1_betw_dealers_seed_no_controls"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize 
\backslash
begin{center} 
\backslash
begin{tabular}{@{
\backslash
extracolsep{5pt}}lccccccc}  
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]
\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]   & 
\backslash
multicolumn{7}{c}{
\backslash
textit{
\backslash
footnotesize Dependent variable: Average of all the ratings received by
 dealers}} 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-8} 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex] & 
\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Average}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Seed's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Seed's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Seed's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Seed's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Seed's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Seed's}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {seed}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {general}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {yield}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {drought}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {pest/disease}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {speed of}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {germination}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {rating}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {quality}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {tolerance}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {tolerance}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {maturing}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex] & (1) & (2) & (3) & (4) & (5)& (6)& (7) 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\backslash
hline 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Constant}                  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[1,1]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[1,2]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[1,3]}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[1,4]}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[1,5]}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[1,6]}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[1,7]}$    
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

  &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[2,1]})$   &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[2,2]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[2,3]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[2,4]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[2,5]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[2,6]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[2,7]})$  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Dealer is male}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[4,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s5[6,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(s5[6,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(s5[6,1]<.1,"*","")))}
}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[4,2]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s5[6,2]<.01,"***",ifelse(s5[6,2]<.05,"**",ifelse(s5[6,2]<.1,"*","")))}
}$  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[4,3]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s5[6,3]<.01,"***",ifelse(s5[6,3]<.05,"**",ifelse(s5[6,3]<.1,"*","")))}
}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[4,4]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s5[6,4]<.01,"***",ifelse(s5[6,4]<.05,"**",ifelse(s5[6,4]<.1,"*","")))}
}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[4,5]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s5[6,5]<.01,"***",ifelse(s5[6,5]<.05,"**",ifelse(s5[6,5]<.1,"*","")))}
}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[4,6]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s5[6,6]<.01,"***",ifelse(s5[6,6]<.05,"**",ifelse(s5[6,6]<.1,"*","")))}
}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[4,7]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s5[6,7]<.01,"***",ifelse(s5[6,7]<.05,"**",ifelse(s5[6,7]<.1,"*","")))}
}$  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[5,1]})$   &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[5,2]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[5,3]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[5,4]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[5,5]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[5,6]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[5,7]})$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

     
\backslash

\backslash
 
\backslash
hline 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Number of obs.}                 &  $
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[9,1]}$   &  $
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[9,2]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[9,3]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[9,4]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[9,5]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[9,6]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s5[9,7]}$   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{8}{l}{ 
\backslash
scriptsize{$^{***}p<0.01$; $^{**}p<0.05$; $^{*}p<0.1$.}} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{tabular} 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
tiny
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: Here, the gender of the dealer is a dummy variable where 1 is male
 and 0 is female.
 The ratings received by the dealers are averaged at the dealer level.
 Standard errors are presented in ().
 
\backslash
label{table:table5} 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Results of between agro-input dealer regressions with added control variables
 (see equation 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "eq:four-1-1"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

) are in Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_dealer_controls-1"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 for the more general ratings of dealer characteristics and Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_seed_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 for ratings directly related to seed quality.
 In all regressions, we add dealer age and dealer education level as general
 control variables, and add additional controls depending on the attribute
 being rated.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the first column of Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_dealer_controls-1"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 we start again by explaining overall dealer rating.
 As this is an average of all the other attributes, we also included most
 controls in this regression, nine in addition to dealers age and education.
 The reason why each control is included is provided below where we discuss
 regressions for each rating attribute.
 We find that, even after controlling for a range of observable indicators
 for overall quality differences between male and female managed agro-input
 shops, male managed agro-input shops are still rated significantly higher
 by consumers.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The second column of Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_dealer_controls-1"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 corresponds to the second column in Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_dealer_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 that compares average general ratings given to male versus female managed
 agro-input shops.
 We have three relatively objective observable proxies for general dealership
 quality.
 First, we asked enumerators to provide an overall score based for the agro-inpu
t dealer they collected data on.
 Second, we construct an index that measures dealer effort and a range of
 services that dealers offer to clients.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Indices were created by weighing each component by the inverse covariance
 matrix, constructed following 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "anderson2008multiple"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 In particular, the index includes 1) if agro-input dealers always explain
 how the seed should be used (seed spacing, seed rate, complementary inputs);
 2) if agro-input dealer always recommend complementary inputs such as fertilize
r and chemicals; 3) if agro-input dealers provide extension/training to
 their clients on how to use improved seed varieties; 4) if agro-input dealers
 provide discounts to clients that buy large quantities of maize seed; 5)
 if agro-input dealers sell small quantities; 6) if agro-input dealers provide
 seed on credit; 7) if agro-input dealers received a complaint from a customer
 that seed you sold was not good; 8) if mobile money was accepted as a payment
 modality.
 Third, we asked enumerators to carefully observe and note down a range
 of capital intensive seed handling and storage practices which were also
 summarized in an index.
 In this index, we included 1) if the roof is leak-proof; 2) if the roof
 is insulated to keep heat out; 3) if the walls are insulated to keep the
 heat out; 4) if the area where s eed is stored is properly ventilated;
 5) if any official certificates are on display in the shop (e.g.
 inspection certificates, training certificates, registration with association,
 etc).
 We see that after controlling for these three control variables, the male
 premium on general ratings increase from 0.13 to 0.16.
 Note that the index of capital intensive seed handling and storage practices
 observed by the enumerator is significant has the expected sign, as input
 dealers that score better on the index also received higher scores on general
 dealership quality.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
However, caution should be taken when interpreting control variables, as
 control variables do not necessarily have a structural interpretation.
 For instance, it may be that the relationship between the control variable
 and the outcome variable is confounded by a third (potentially unobservable)
 variable 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "hunermund2020nuisance"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When farmers are asked to assess agro-input dealers in terms of their location,
 the average distance
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
The haversine formula calculating the arc distance between two points on
 earth is used.
 The latitudes and longitudes are extracted from the GPS coordinates for
 both farmers and input dealer shops and inserted as paired values in the
 haversine formula.
 This formula then calulates the distances between these paired latitudes
 and longitudes in metres, following which we obtain the distances in kilometres
 and standardize the variable.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 between the agro-input dealer and their customers (based on GPS coordinates),
 capturing some indication of centrality of the agro-input dealer, provides
 an obvious candidate as a control variable (third column in Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_dealer_controls-1"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

).
 We did not find a gender equity effect on ratings concerning location in
 Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_dealer_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 and we also do not find a difference after controlling for centrality.
 Note that also here, the control variable is significant in the expected
 direction, as dealers where the average distance between input dealer and
 customer is higher (or centrality is lower) also seem to be scored lower
 in terms of location.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the fourth column of Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_dealer_controls-1"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 we look at price competitiveness again.
 To account for the fact that the difference in price competitiveness ratings
 between male and female managed agro-input shops is driven by actual price
 differences between male and female managed agro-input shops, we control
 for average price charged by the dealer, as well as for the cost at which
 agro-input dealers obtain seed (which is an important determinant of the
 price).
 The analysis confirms that there is indeed a difference in perception between
 male and female farmers, and that this difference is not due to actual
 price differences.
 The gender equity effect is similar in size than the one found without
 controlling for actual price differences in Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_dealer_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

.
 Note again that one of the control variables is significant and suggests
 that dealers that charge higher prices also receive significantly lower
 price competitiveness ratings.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The fifth column in Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_dealer_controls-1"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 adds another index, this time of all seed handling and storage practices
 observed by the enumerator.
 This index includes the components of the five capital intensive seed handling
 and storage practices mentioned above, but also adds that 1) the agro-dealer
 destroys seed that exceeded shelf-life; 2) the agro-dealer stores seed
 in a dedicated area, away from other merchandise; 3) the agro-input dealer
 has not problem with rats, insects or other infestations; 4) the agro-input
 dealer stores seed in ambient light conditions as recomended; 5) the agro-input
 dealer stores seed on pallets or shelves; 6) the enumerator does not see
 maize seed that is stored in open bags or open containers.
 The index also includes the overall rating that is provided by the enumerator.
 As in column 5 of Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_dealer_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

, we do not find a gender equity effect on seed quality rating after controlling
 for observable quality indicators.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the sixth column, we repeat the analysis for perceptions related to dealers'
 stock, but now controlling for the number of hybrid maize varieties that
 the dealer has in stock and average quantity bought from the seed producers
 or wholesalers by the dealer (kg), the former being significant and having
 the expected sign.
 The male premium on the rating persists, although the effect did become
 slightly weaker as compared to a regression without controls (column 6
 in Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_dealer_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the seventh column we repeat the analysis for reputation, now controlling
 for number of years the shop has been in business, and whether the shop
 is registered with Uganda National Agro-input Dealer Association (UNADA),
 both of which we expect a direct impact on the dealer's reputation.
 Also here, we see that male dealers keep receiving higher scores conditional
 on experience and registration with UNADA, with the effect becoming slightly
 weaker (as compared to column 7 in Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_dealer_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Between dealers model focusing on dealer ratings (control variables included,
 Q1).
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:q1_betw_dealers_dealer_controls-1"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize 
\backslash
begin{center} 
\backslash
begin{tabular}{@{
\backslash
extracolsep{5pt}}lccccccc}  
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]
\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]   & 
\backslash
multicolumn{7}{c}{
\backslash
textit{
\backslash
footnotesize Dependent variable: Average of all the ratings received by
 dealers}} 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-8} 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]  & 
\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Average}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Dealer's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Dealer's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Dealer's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Dealer's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Dealer's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Dealer's}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {dealer}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {general}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {location}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {price}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {seed}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {stock}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {reputation}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {rating}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {quality}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {quality}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex] & (1) & (2) & (3) & (4) & (5)& (6)& (7) 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\backslash
hline 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Constant}                  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[1,1]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[1,2]}$  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[1,3]}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[1,4]}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[1,5]}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[1,6]}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[1,7]}$  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

  &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[2,1]})$   &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[2,2]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[2,3]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[2,4]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[2,5]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[2,6]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[2,7]})$  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Dealer is male}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[4,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[6,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[6,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[6,1]<.1,"*","")))}
}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[4,2]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[6,2]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[6,2]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[6,2]<.1,"*","")))}
}$  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[4,3]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[6,3]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[6,3]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[6,3]<.1,"*","")))}
}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[4,4]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[6,4]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[6,4]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[6,4]<.1,"*","")))}
}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[4,5]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[6,5]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[6,5]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[6,5]<.1,"*","")))}
}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[4,6]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[6,6]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[6,6]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[6,6]<.1,"*","")))}
}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[4,7]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[6,7]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[6,7]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[6,7]<.1,"*","")))}
}$  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[5,1]})$   &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[5,2]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[5,3]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[5,4]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[5,5]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[5,6]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[5,7]})$  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Dealer's age in years}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[7,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[9,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[9,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[9,1]<.1,"*","")))}
}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[7,2]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[9,2]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[9,2]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[9,2]<.1,"*","")))}
}$  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[7,3]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[9,3]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[9,3]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[9,3]<.1,"*","")))}
}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[7,4]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[9,4]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[9,4]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[9,4]<.1,"*","")))}
}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[7,5]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[9,5]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[9,5]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[9,5]<.1,"*","")))}
}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[7,6]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[9,6]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[9,6]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[9,6]<.1,"*","")))}
}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[7,7]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[9,7]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[9,7]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[9,7]<.1,"*","")))}
}$   
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[8,1]})$   &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[8,2]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[8,3]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[8,4]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[8,5]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[8,6]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[8,7]})$ 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Dealer finished secondary}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[10,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[12,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[12,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[12,1]<.1,"*","")
))}}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[10,2]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[12,2]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[12,2]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[12,2]<.1,"*","")
))}}$  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[10,3]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[12,3]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[12,3]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[12,3]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[10,4]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[12,4]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[12,4]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[12,4]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[10,5]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[12,5]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[12,5]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[12,5]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[10,6]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[12,6]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[12,6]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[12,6]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[10,7]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[12,7]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[12,7]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[12,7]<.1,"*","")
))}}$    
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        education}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[11,1]})$   &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[11,2]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[11,3]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[11,4]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[11,5]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[11,6]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[11,7]})$ 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Shop’s cleanness/professionality}   &  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[13,2]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[15,2]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[15,2]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[15,2]<.1,"*","")
))}}$  & & & & & 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        rating by enumerator} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&    &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[14,2]})$ &  &  &  &  &  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Index of dealer’s efforts}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[13,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[15,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[15,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[15,1]<.1,"*","")
))}}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[16,2]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[18,2]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[18,2]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[18,2]<.1,"*","")
))}}$  &  &  &  &  &   
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        and services} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[14,1]})$   &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[17,2]})$ &  &  &  &  &  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Index of capital-intensive seed}   &  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[19,2]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[21,2]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[21,2]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[21,2]<.1,"*","")
))}}$  & & & & &  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        handling/storage practices}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&     &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[20,2]})$ &  &  &  &  &  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        observed by enumerator} &  & & & & & & 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Standardized distance between}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[16,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[18,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[18,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[18,1]<.1,"*","")
))}}$ &  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[13,3]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[15,3]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[15,3]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[15,3]<.1,"*","")
))}}$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & & & &   
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        farmer and dealer} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[17,1]})$   &   &$(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[14,3]})$ &  &  &  &  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Standardized sales price}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[19,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[21,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[21,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[21,1]<.1,"*","")
))}}$ &   & 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[13,4]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[15,4]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[15,4]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[15,4]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& & &  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        of maize seed}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[20,1]})$   &  &  & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[14,4]})$ &  &  & 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Standardized cost of maize}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[22,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[24,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[24,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[24,1]<.1,"*","")
))}}$ &   & 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[16,4]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[18,4]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[18,4]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[18,4]<.1,"*","")
))}}$ &  &  &  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        seed for dealer} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[23,1]})$   &   &  & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[17,4]})$ &  &  &  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Index of all seed}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[25,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[27,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[27,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[27,1]<.1,"*","")
))}}$ &  & & 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[13,5]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[15,5]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[15,5]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[15,5]<.1,"*","")
))}}$ & &   
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        handling/storage practices}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[26,1]})$   &   &  &  & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[14,5]})$ & & 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        observed by enumerator} & & & & & & & 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Number of hybrid maize}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[28,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[30,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[30,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[30,1]<.1,"*","")
))}}$ &   & 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & & & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[13,6]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[15,6]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[15,6]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[15,6]<.1,"*","")
))}}$ &    
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        varieties in stock}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[29,1]})$   &  &  &  &  & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[14,6]})$ &  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Standardized amount of maize}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[31,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[33,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[33,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[33,1]<.1,"*","")
))}}$ &  & 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & & & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[16,6]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[18,6]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[18,6]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[18,6]<.1,"*","")
))}}$ &    
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        seed dealer bought}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[32,1]})$   &   &  &  &  & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[17,6]})$ & 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Number of years since}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[34,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[36,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[36,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[36,1]<.1,"*","")
))}}$ &   &  &  &  &  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[13,7]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[15,7]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[15,7]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[15,7]<.1,"*","")
))}}$  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        shop’s establishment}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[35,1]})$   &  &  &  &  &  & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[14,7]})$ 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Shop's UNADA}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[37,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[39,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[39,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[39,1]<.1,"*","")
))}}$ & & & 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  & & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[16,7]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s8[18,7]<.01,"***",ifelse(s8[18,7]<.05,"**",ifelse(s8[18,7]<.1,"*","")
))}}$   
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        registration}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[38,1]})$   &  &  &  &  &  & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[17,7]})$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

     
\backslash

\backslash
 
\backslash
hline    
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Number of obs.}                 &  $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[42,1]}$   &  $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[42,2]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[42,3]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[42,4]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[42,5]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[42,6]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s8[42,7]}$   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{8}{l}{ 
\backslash
scriptsize{$^{***}p<0.01$; $^{**}p<0.05$; $^{*}p<0.1$.}} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{tabular} 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
tiny
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: Here, the gender of the dealer is a dummy variable where 1 is male
 and 0 is female.
 The ratings received by the dealers are averaged at the dealer level.
 Standard errors are presented in ().
 
\backslash
label{table:table8} 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_seed_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 repeats the between input dealer analysis for seed quality attributes sold
 by the agro-input dealers reported in Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_seed_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

, but now we also added controls for quality related aspects of seed.
 As all the ratings in Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_seed_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 concern quality, we include the same controls in all regressions.
 In particular,, we use the most elaborate index of all seed alding and
 storage practices as observed by the enumerator that was also used in model
 (5) of Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_dealer_controls-1"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

.
 Recall from Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_seed_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 that we did not find a gender equity effect for any of seed quality related
 dimensions we look at; adding the index to control for quality does not
 change this.
 Note that the index is generally positively correlated to the rating, but
 only significantly so when a farmers is asked to assess the seed's yield.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Between dealers model focusing on seed ratings (control variables included,
 Q1).
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:q1_betw_dealers_seed_controls"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize 
\backslash
begin{center} 
\backslash
begin{tabular}{@{
\backslash
extracolsep{5pt}}lccccccc}  
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]
\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]   & 
\backslash
multicolumn{7}{c}{
\backslash
textit{
\backslash
footnotesize Dependent variable: Average of all the ratings received by
 dealers}} 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-8} 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]  & 
\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Average}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Seed's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Seed's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Seed's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Seed's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Seed's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Seed's}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {seed}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {general}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {yield}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {drought}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {pest/disease}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {speed of}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {germination}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {rating}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {quality}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {tolerance}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {tolerance}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {maturing}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex] & (1) & (2) & (3) & (4) & (5)& (6)& (7) 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\backslash
hline 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Constant}                  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[1,1]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[1,2]}$  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[1,3]}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[1,4]}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[1,5]}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[1,6]}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[1,7]}$   
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

  &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[2,1]})$   &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[2,2]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[2,3]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[2,4]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[2,5]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[2,6]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[2,7]})$  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Dealer is male}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[4,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[6,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[6,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[6,1]<.1,"*","")))}
}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[4,2]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[6,2]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[6,2]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[6,2]<.1,"*","")))}
}$  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[4,3]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[6,3]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[6,3]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[6,3]<.1,"*","")))}
}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[4,4]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[6,4]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[6,4]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[6,4]<.1,"*","")))}
}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[4,5]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[6,5]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[6,5]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[6,5]<.1,"*","")))}
}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[4,6]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[6,6]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[6,6]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[6,6]<.1,"*","")))}
}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[4,7]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[6,7]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[6,7]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[6,7]<.1,"*","")))}
}$   
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[5,1]})$   &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[5,2]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[5,3]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[5,4]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[5,5]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[5,6]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[5,7]})$ 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Dealer's age in years}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[7,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[9,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[9,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[9,1]<.1,"*","")))}
}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[7,2]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[9,2]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[9,2]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[9,2]<.1,"*","")))}
}$  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[7,3]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[9,3]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[9,3]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[9,3]<.1,"*","")))}
}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[7,4]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[9,4]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[9,4]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[9,4]<.1,"*","")))}
}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[7,5]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[9,5]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[9,5]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[9,5]<.1,"*","")))}
}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[7,6]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[9,6]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[9,6]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[9,6]<.1,"*","")))}
}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[7,7]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[9,7]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[9,7]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[9,7]<.1,"*","")))}
}$  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{} &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[8,1]})$   &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[8,2]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[8,3]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[8,4]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[8,5]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[8,6]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[8,7]})$
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Dealer finished secondary}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[10,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[12,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[12,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[12,1]<.1,"*","")
))}}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[10,2]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[12,2]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[12,2]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[12,2]<.1,"*","")
))}}$  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[10,3]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[12,3]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[12,3]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[12,3]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[10,4]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[12,4]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[12,4]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[12,4]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[10,5]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[12,5]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[12,5]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[12,5]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[10,6]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[12,6]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[12,6]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[12,6]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[10,7]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[12,7]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[12,7]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[12,7]<.1,"*","")
))}}$    
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        education}&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[11,1]})$   &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[11,2]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[11,3]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[11,4]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[11,5]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[11,6]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[11,7]})$ 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Index of all seed}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[13,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[15,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[15,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[15,1]<.1,"*","")
))}}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[13,2]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[15,2]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[15,2]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[15,2]<.1,"*","")
))}}$  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[13,3]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[15,3]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[15,3]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[15,3]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[13,4]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[15,4]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[15,4]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[15,4]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[13,5]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[15,5]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[15,5]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[15,5]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[13,6]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[15,6]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[15,6]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[15,6]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[13,7]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(s6[15,7]<.01,"***",ifelse(s6[15,7]<.05,"**",ifelse(s6[15,7]<.1,"*","")
))}}$   
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        handling/storage practices} &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[14,1]})$   &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[14,2]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[14,3]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[14,4]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[14,5]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[14,6]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[14,7]})$
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        observed by enumerator} &  &  &  &  &  &  &  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

     
\backslash

\backslash
 
\backslash
hline 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Number of obs.}                 &  $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[18,1]}$   &  $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[18,2]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[18,3]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[18,4]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[18,5]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[18,6]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{s6[18,7]}$  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{8}{l}{ 
\backslash
scriptsize{$^{***}p<0.01$; $^{**}p<0.05$; $^{*}p<0.1$.}} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{tabular} 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
tiny
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: Here, the gender of the dealer is a dummy variable where 1 is male
 and 0 is female.
 The ratings received by the dealers are averaged at the dealer level.
 Standard errors are presented in ().
 
\backslash
label{table:table6} 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Overall, comparing Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_dealer_controls-1"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 to 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_dealer_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 and Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_seed_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 to 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_seed_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

, we notice that results, both in terms of parameter estimates for 
\begin_inset Formula $\beta$
\end_inset

 and its significance, are very similar.
 This suggests that difference between male and female managed agro-input
 shops reflects structural differences in perception between the two sexes,
 rather than actual differences in the dimension being rated (quality, price
 competitiveness, stocks and reputation).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Tables 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_farmer_FE_dealer_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_farmer_FE_seed_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 show parameter estimates for an indicator variable that takes the value
 of one if the agro-input dealer is male, estimated using a model that includes
 farmer fixed effects (using the within transformation of equation 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "eq:four"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

).
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
As errors are also correlated within agro-input dealers, we report standard
 errors that are robust to clustering in this dimension.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 In Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_farmer_FE_dealer_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

, we use the general agro-input dealer ratings as outcome variables, similar
 to Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_dealer_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

.
 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_farmer_FE_seed_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 estimates the same model, but now for the more specific seed quality related
 ratings, similar to Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_seed_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Farmer fixed effects model focusing on dealer ratings (control variables
 not included, Q1).
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:q1_farmer_FE_dealer_no_controls"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize 
\backslash
begin{center} 
\backslash
begin{tabular}{@{
\backslash
extracolsep{5pt}}lccccccc}  
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]
\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]   & 
\backslash
multicolumn{7}{c}{
\backslash
textit{
\backslash
footnotesize Dependent variable: Ratings given by the farmers}} 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-8} 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex] & 
\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Average}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Dealer's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Dealer's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Dealer's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Dealer's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Dealer's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Dealer's}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {dealer}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {general}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {location}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {price}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {seed}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {stock}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {reputation}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {rating}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {quality}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {quality}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex] & (1) & (2) & (3) & (4) & (5)& (6)& (7) 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\backslash
hline 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Dealer is male}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe3[2,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe3[4,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe3[4,1]<.03,"**",ifelse(fe3[4,1]<.1,"*","")
))}}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe3[2,2]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe3[4,2]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe3[4,2]<.03,"**",ifelse(fe3[4,2]<.1,"*","")
))}}$  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe3[2,3]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe3[4,3]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe3[4,3]<.03,"**",ifelse(fe3[4,3]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe3[2,4]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe3[4,4]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe3[4,4]<.03,"**",ifelse(fe3[4,4]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe3[2,5]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe3[4,5]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe3[4,5]<.03,"**",ifelse(fe3[4,5]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe3[2,6]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe3[4,6]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe3[4,6]<.03,"**",ifelse(fe3[4,6]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe3[2,7]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe3[4,7]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe3[4,7]<.03,"**",ifelse(fe3[4,7]<.1,"*","")
))}}$   
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe3[3,1]})$   &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe3[3,2]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe3[3,3]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe3[3,4]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe3[3,5]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe3[3,6]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe3[3,7]})$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

     
\backslash

\backslash
 
\backslash
hline 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Number of obs.}                 &  $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe3[7,1]}$   &  $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe3[7,2]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe3[7,3]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe3[7,4]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe3[7,5]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe3[7,6]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe3[7,7]}$   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{8}{l}{ 
\backslash
scriptsize{$^{***}p<0.01$; $^{**}p<0.05$; $^{*}p<0.1$.}} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{tabular} 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
tiny
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: Here, the gender of the input dealer is a dummy variable carrying
 the value of either 0 or 1.
 Fixed effects or within estimation has been used at the farmer level.
 Cluster-robust SE are obtained by clustering at the dealer level (presented
 in ()).
  
\backslash
label{table:table11} 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_farmer_FE_dealer_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 shows that male managed agro-input outlets receive significantly higher
 ratings in the areas of price competitiveness, reputation, quality in general,
 and stock.
 The average dealer rating index also shows a significant difference between
 male and female dealers.
 Comparing Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_farmer_FE_dealer_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 to Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_dealer_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

, the largest difference can still be found for price competitiveness, even
 though the magnitude of the effect decreased somewhat.
 The effect of gender on ratings related to stocks reduced sharply after
 controlling for farmer level heterogeneity.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For seed quality specific ratings, comparing Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_farmer_FE_seed_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 to 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_seed_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

, we see that, after controlling for farmer level heterogeneity, some of
 the differences in seed quality related ratings between male and female
 dealers turned significant.
 For perceptions related to seed germination, male managed agro-input shops
 receive a rating score that is on average 0.11 higher than the seed germination
 rating female managed agro-input shops receive.
 We further find signs of gender equity effects when farmers are asked to
 rate seed quality in general and whether seed maturity is as advertised.
 The gender equity bias in these dimensions is also reflected in a significant
 difference in the average seed rating index between male and female managed
 agro-input shops (column 1).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The fact that we also find gender equity bias when farmers are asked to
 assess seed quality after controlling for farmer fixed effect suggests
 that, in the between regressions of Tables 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_seed_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_seed_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

, gender equity bias is obscured by farmer level confounders.
 For instance, it could be that farmers that are higher educated also provide
 higher rankings and that these higher educated farmers are also more likely
 to shop at female owned dealerships.
 Not controlling for differences in education levels of farmers may then
 lead to an underestimation of discrimination against female managed agro-input
 shops.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Farmer fixed effects model focusing on seed ratings (no controls included,
 Q1).
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:q1_farmer_FE_seed_no_controls"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize 
\backslash
begin{center} 
\backslash
begin{tabular}{@{
\backslash
extracolsep{5pt}}lccccccc}  
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]
\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]   & 
\backslash
multicolumn{7}{c}{
\backslash
textit{
\backslash
footnotesize Dependent variable: Ratings given by the farmers}} 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-8} 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]  & 
\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Average}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Seed's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Seed's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Seed's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Seed's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Seed's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Seed's}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {seed}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {general}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {yield}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {drought}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {pest/disease}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {speed of}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {germination}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {rating}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {quality}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {tolerance}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {tolerance}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {maturing}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex] & (1) & (2) & (3) & (4) & (5)& (6)& (7) 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\backslash
hline 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Dealer is male}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe1[2,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe1[4,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe1[4,1]<.03,"**",ifelse(fe1[4,1]<.1,"*","")
))}}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe1[2,2]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe1[4,2]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe1[4,2]<.03,"**",ifelse(fe1[4,2]<.1,"*","")
))}}$  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe1[2,3]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe1[4,3]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe1[4,3]<.03,"**",ifelse(fe1[4,3]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe1[2,4]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe1[4,4]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe1[4,4]<.03,"**",ifelse(fe1[4,4]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe1[2,5]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe1[4,5]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe1[4,5]<.03,"**",ifelse(fe1[4,5]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe1[2,6]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe1[4,6]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe1[4,6]<.03,"**",ifelse(fe1[4,6]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe1[2,7]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe1[4,7]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe1[4,7]<.03,"**",ifelse(fe1[4,7]<.1,"*","")
))}}$   
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe1[3,1]})$   &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe1[3,2]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe1[3,3]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe1[3,4]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe1[3,5]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe1[3,6]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe1[3,7]})$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

     
\backslash

\backslash
 
\backslash
hline 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Number of obs.}                 &  $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe1[7,1]}$   &  $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe1[7,2]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe1[7,3]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe1[7,4]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe1[7,5]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe1[7,6]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe1[7,7]}$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{8}{l}{ 
\backslash
scriptsize{$^{***}p<0.01$; $^{**}p<0.05$; $^{*}p<0.1$.}} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{tabular} 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
tiny
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: Here, the gender of the input dealer is a dummy variable carrying
 the value of either 0 or 1.
 Fixed effects or within estimation has been used at the farmer level.
 Cluster-robust SE are obtained by clustering at the dealer level (presented
 in ()).
 
\backslash
label{table:table9} 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Finally, we ran fixed effects model that, in addition for controlling for
 farmer heterogeneity, also controls for dealer level observable characteristics
 (see equation 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "eq:fe_contr"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

), similar to Tables 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_dealer_controls-1"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_betw_dealers_seed_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

.
 Results are in Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_farmer_FE_dealer_controls-1"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 for the more general input dealer ratings, and Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_farmer_FE_seed_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 for seed quality ratings.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We find that controlling for dealer level observable characteristics does
 not change findings for the first set of rating that evaluate the agro-input
 dealer.
 Largest gender equity effects are found when farmers are asked to rate
 agro-input dealer reputation (column 7) and price competitiveness (column
 7); in both cases male managed agro-input shops are rated about .2 points
 higher.
 Differences in rating between male and female managed agro-input shops
 for the stock attribute has become indistinguishable from zero.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Farmer fixed effects model focusing on dealer ratings (control variables
 included, Q1).
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:q1_farmer_FE_dealer_controls-1"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize 
\backslash
begin{center} 
\backslash
begin{tabular}{@{
\backslash
extracolsep{5pt}}lccccccc}  
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]
\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]   & 
\backslash
multicolumn{7}{c}{
\backslash
textit{
\backslash
footnotesize Dependent variable: Ratings given by the farmers}} 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-8} 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]  & 
\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Average}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Dealer's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Dealer's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Dealer's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Dealer's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Dealer's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Dealer's}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {dealer}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {general}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {location}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {price}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {seed}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {stock}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {reputation}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {rating}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {quality}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {quality}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex] & (1) & (2) & (3) & (4) & (5)& (6)& (7) 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\backslash
hline 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Dealer is male}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[4,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[6,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[6,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[6,1]<.1,"*","")
))}}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[4,2]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[6,2]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[6,2]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[6,2]<.1,"*","")
))}}$  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[4,3]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[6,3]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[6,3]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[6,3]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[4,4]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[6,4]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[6,4]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[6,4]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[4,5]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[6,5]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[6,5]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[6,5]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[4,6]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[6,6]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[6,6]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[6,6]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[4,7]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[6,7]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[6,7]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[6,7]<.1,"*","")
))}}$  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[5,1]})$   &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[5,2]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[5,3]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[5,4]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[5,5]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[5,6]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[5,7]})$  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Dealer's age in years}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[7,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[9,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[9,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[9,1]<.1,"*","")
))}}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[7,2]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[9,2]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[9,2]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[9,2]<.1,"*","")
))}}$  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[7,3]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[9,3]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[9,3]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[9,3]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[7,4]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[9,4]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[9,4]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[9,4]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[7,5]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[9,5]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[9,5]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[9,5]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[7,6]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[9,6]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[9,6]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[9,6]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[7,7]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[9,7]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[9,7]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[9,7]<.1,"*","")
))}}$   
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[8,1]})$   &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[8,2]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[8,3]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[8,4]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[8,5]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[8,6]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[8,7]})$ 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Dealer finished secondary}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[10,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[12,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[12,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[12,1]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[10,2]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[12,2]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[12,2]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[12,2]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[10,3]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[12,3]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[12,3]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[12,3]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[10,4]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[12,4]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[12,4]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[12,4]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[10,5]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[12,5]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[12,5]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[12,5]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[10,6]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[12,6]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[12,6]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[12,6]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[10,7]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[12,7]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[12,7]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[12,7]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$    
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        education}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[11,1]})$   &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[11,2]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[11,3]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[11,4]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[11,5]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[11,6]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[11,7]})$ 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Shop’s cleanness/professionality}   &  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[13,2]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[15,2]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[15,2]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[15,2]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$  & & & & & 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        rating by enumerator} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&    &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[14,2]})$ &  &  &  &  &  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Index of dealer’s efforts}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[13,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[15,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[15,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[15,1]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[16,2]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[18,2]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[18,2]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[18,2]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$  &  &  &  &  &   
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        and services} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[14,1]})$   &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[17,2]})$ &  &  &  &  &  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Index of capital-intensive seed}   &  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[19,2]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[21,2]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[21,2]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[21,2]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$  & & & & &  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        handling/storage practices}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&     &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[20,2]})$ &  &  &  &  &  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        observed by enumerator} &  & & & & & & 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Standardized distance between}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[16,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[18,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[18,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[18,1]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$ &  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[13,3]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[15,3]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[15,3]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[15,3]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & & & &   
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        farmer and dealer} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[17,1]})$   &   &$(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[14,3]})$ &  &  &  &  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Standardized sales price}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[19,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[21,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[21,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[21,1]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$ &   & 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[13,4]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[15,4]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[15,4]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[15,4]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& & &  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        of maize seed}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[20,1]})$   &  &  & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[14,4]})$ &  &  & 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Standardized cost of maize}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[22,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[24,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[24,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[24,1]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$ &   & 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[16,4]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[18,4]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[18,4]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[18,4]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$ &  &  &  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        seed for dealer} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[23,1]})$   &   &  & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[17,4]})$ &  &  &  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Index of all seed}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[25,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[27,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[27,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[27,1]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$ &  & & 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[13,5]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[15,5]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[15,5]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[15,5]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$ & &   
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        handling/storage practices}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[26,1]})$   &   &  &  & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[14,5]})$ & & 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        observed by enumerator} & & & & & & & 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Number of hybrid maize}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[28,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[30,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[30,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[30,1]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$ &   & 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & & & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[13,6]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[15,6]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[15,6]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[15,6]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$ &    
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        varieties in stock}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[29,1]})$   &  &  &  &  & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[14,6]})$ &  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Standardized amount of maize}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[31,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[33,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[33,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[33,1]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$ &  & 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & & & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[16,6]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[18,6]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[18,6]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[18,6]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$ &    
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        seed dealer bought}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[32,1]})$   &   &  &  &  & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[17,6]})$ & 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Number of years since}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[34,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[36,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[36,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[36,1]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$ &   &  &  &  &  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[13,7]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[15,7]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[15,7]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[15,7]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        shop’s establishment}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[35,1]})$   &  &  &  &  &  & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[14,7]})$ 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Shop's UNADA}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[37,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[39,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[39,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[39,1]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$ & & & 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  & & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[16,7]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe4[18,7]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe4[18,7]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe4[18,7]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$   
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        registration}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[38,1]})$   &  &  &  &  &  & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[17,7]})$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

     
\backslash

\backslash
 
\backslash
hline 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Number of obs.}                 &  $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[42,1]}$   &  $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[42,2]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[42,3]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[42,4]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[42,5]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[42,6]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe4[42,7]}$   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{8}{l}{ 
\backslash
scriptsize{$^{***}p<0.01$; $^{**}p<0.05$; $^{*}p<0.1$.}} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{tabular} 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
tiny
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: Here, the gender of the input dealer is a dummy variable carrying
 the value of either 0 or 1.
 Fixed effects or within estimation has been used at the farmer level.
 Cluster-robust SE are obtained by clustering at the dealer level (presented
 in ()).
  
\backslash
label{table:table12} 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Comparing Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_farmer_FE_seed_no_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 and Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:q1_farmer_FE_seed_controls"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

, the significant difference between male and female managed agro-input
 shops with respect to seed maturity rating (column 6), germination (column
 7), and overall seed quality ratings (column 2) found in Table persist
 after controlling for observable dealer level differences in seed quality.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Farmer fixed effects model focusing on seed ratings (control variables included,
 Q1).
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:q1_farmer_FE_seed_controls"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize 
\backslash
begin{center} 
\backslash
begin{tabular}{@{
\backslash
extracolsep{5pt}}lccccccc}  
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]
\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]   & 
\backslash
multicolumn{7}{c}{
\backslash
textit{
\backslash
footnotesize Dependent variable: Ratings given by the farmers}} 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-8} 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]  & 
\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Average}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Seed's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Seed's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Seed's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Seed's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Seed's}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {Seed's}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {seed}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {general}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {yield}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {drought}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {pest/disease}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {speed of}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {germination}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {rating}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {quality}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {tolerance}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {tolerance}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {maturing}&
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1} {c} {}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex] & (1) & (2) & (3) & (4) & (5)& (6)& (7) 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\backslash
hline  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Dealer is male}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[2,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[4,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[4,1]<.03,"**",ifelse(fe2[4,1]<.1,"*","")
))}}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[2,2]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[4,2]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[4,2]<.03,"**",ifelse(fe2[4,2]<.1,"*","")
))}}$  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[2,3]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[4,3]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[4,3]<.03,"**",ifelse(fe2[4,3]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[2,4]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[4,4]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[4,4]<.03,"**",ifelse(fe2[4,4]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[2,5]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[4,5]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[4,5]<.03,"**",ifelse(fe2[4,5]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[2,6]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[4,6]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[4,6]<.03,"**",ifelse(fe2[4,6]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[2,7]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[4,7]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[4,7]<.03,"**",ifelse(fe2[4,7]<.1,"*","")
))}}$ 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[3,1]})$   &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[3,2]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[3,3]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[3,4]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[3,5]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[3,6]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[3,7]})$  
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Dealer's age in years}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[5,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[7,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[7,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe2[7,1]<.1,"*","")
))}}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[5,2]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[7,2]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[7,2]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe2[7,2]<.1,"*","")
))}}$  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[5,3]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[7,3]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[7,3]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe2[7,3]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[5,4]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[7,4]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[7,4]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe2[7,4]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[5,5]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[7,5]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[7,5]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe2[7,5]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[5,6]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[7,6]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[7,6]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe2[7,6]<.1,"*","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[5,7]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[7,7]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[7,7]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe2[7,7]<.1,"*","")
))}}$    
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[6,1]})$   &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[6,2]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[6,3]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[6,4]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[6,5]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[6,6]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[6,7]})$ 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Dealer finished secondary}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[8,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[10,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[10,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe2[10,1]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[8,2]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[10,2]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[10,2]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe2[10,2]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[8,3]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[10,3]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[10,3]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe2[10,3]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[8,4]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[10,4]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[10,4]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe2[10,4]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[8,5]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[10,5]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[10,5]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe2[10,5]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[8,6]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[10,6]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[10,6]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe2[10,6]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[8,7]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[10,7]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[10,7]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe2[10,7]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$   
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        education} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[9,1]})$   &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[9,2]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[9,3]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[9,4]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[9,5]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[9,6]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[9,7]})$ 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Index of all seed}   & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[11,1]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[13,1]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[13,1]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe2[13,1]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[11,2]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[13,2]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[13,2]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe2[13,2]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$  & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[11,3]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[13,3]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[13,3]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe2[13,3]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[11,4]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[13,4]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[13,4]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe2[13,4]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[11,5]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[13,5]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[13,5]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe2[13,5]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[11,6]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[13,6]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[13,6]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe2[13,6]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[11,7]}^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(fe2[13,7]<.01,"***",ifelse(fe2[13,7]<.05,"**",ifelse(fe2[13,7]<.1,"*",
"")))}}$   
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        handling/storage practices}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[12,1]})$   &  $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[12,2]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[12,3]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[12,4]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[12,5]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[12,6]})$ & $(
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[12,7]})$ 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{        observed by enumerator} &  &  &  &  &  &  &  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

     
\backslash

\backslash
 
\backslash
hline 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{Number of obs.}                 &  $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[16,1]}$   &  $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[16,2]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[16,3]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[16,4]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[16,5]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[16,6]}$ & $
\backslash
Sexpr{fe2[16,7]}$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{7}{l}{  
\backslash
scriptsize{$^{***}p<0.01$; $^{**}p<0.05$; $^{*}p<0.1$.}} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{tabular} 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
tiny
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: Here, the gender of the input dealer is a dummy variable carrying
 the value of either 0 or 1.
 Fixed effects or within estimation has been used at the farmer level.
 Cluster-robust SE are obtained by clustering at the dealer level (presented
 in ()).
   
\backslash
label{table:table10} 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Conclusion and Policy Implications
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Using survey data from smallholder farmers and agro-input dealers in southeaster
n Uganda, we tested if farmers perceived female managed agro-input shops
 differently than male managed agro-input shops.
 To do so, we asked a random sample of farmers to rate agro-input dealers
 in their immediate neighborhood on a scale ranging from 1 (poor) to 5 (very
 good).
 Not only did we ask farmers to rate agro-input dealers on a set of general
 characteristics such as accessibility and price competitiveness, we also
 asked farmer to focus on a particular product that these agro-input dealers
 sold (maize seed), and to rate this product on various dimensions like
 germination, yield, etc.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Using simple agro-input dealer comparisons of average ratings given to male
 and female managed agro-input shops, we found that female managed agro-input
 shops were generally rated lower than their male counterparts.
 However, when farmers were asked to focus on a specific product, the difference
 became insignificant.
 When adding controls for agro-input dealer level observable characteristics,
 parameter estimates and significance remained similar, suggesting that
 differences between male and female managed agro-input shops reflect structural
 differences in perception between the two sexes rather than actual differences.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
However, ratings of agro-input dealers provided by the farmer may also be
 influenced by farmer characteristics.
 To control for farmer heterogeneity, we exploited the fact that farmers
 often rated several agro-input dealers of different gender, and ran farmer
 fixed effects models.
 Doing so, we confirmed the existence of gender equity bias when farmers
 were asked to rate general characteristics of agro-input dealers, but also
 found differences in ratings of different dimension of seed quality sold
 by agro-input dealers of different gender.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Looking into the different dimensions that were rated, we found particularly
 strong gender equity bias when farmers were asked to rate agro-input dealers
 in terms of price competitiveness.
 Furthermore, and especially after controlling for farmer level heterogeneity,
 we found male managed agro-input shops to have significantly better reputation
 than female dealers.
 This reputation difference was also reflected in a significant difference
 between male and female dealers when directly asked about overall general
 quality.
 On the other hand, we did not find that male and female managed agro-input
 shops were rated differently when farmers were asked to consider location.
 This may be because location is easier to assess objectively.
 For attributes related to seed itself, gender equity bias was largest when
 farmers were asked to assess seed germination rates and whether the seed
 being rated had the maturing period as advertised.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The prevalence of gender equity bias in the context of agro-input dealers
 again underscores the importance of customs and norms in rural societies.
 Interventions and initiatives that focus solemnly on increasing women empowerme
nt are unlikely to be sufficient, and may in some cases even backfire.
 It will be important to challenge gender stereotypes and role congruence
 and such interventions should not only focus on one gender.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gender norms and customs prevent women from aspiring and developing an internal
 locus of control.
 Role models have been found particularly effective in raising aspirations.
 For example, 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "10.1257/app.20180426"
literal "false"

\end_inset

 find that successful and charismatic women who majored in economics at
 the same university led to an increase in girls choosing economics as a
 major.
 Role model effects may also emanate from fictional characters.
 For example, 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "10.1162/rest_a_01153"
literal "false"

\end_inset

 shows how the female protagonist in a Disney feel good movie impacts secondary
 school students' exam performance in Uganda.
 This opens the prospect of using mass media to influence gender roles and
 customs 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "10.1257/app.4.4.1"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gender roles and customs also prevent women from realizing their full potential
 indirectly, as men do not support (or even prevent participation of) women
 and girls in male dominated sectors.
 However, social norms are also perceived by individuals.
 Sometimes, men prevent their wives from participating in the economy because
 they think it will be frowned upon by their peers.
 In case this perception is inaccurate, simply correcting this perception
 may be effective.
 For example, 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "10.1257/aer.20180975"
literal "false"

\end_inset

 find that in Saudi Arabia, a country with strict norms and traditions on
 mobility of women, many men overestimate the degree of peer judgment if
 their wives work outside of the house.
 Correcting this false perception lead to a significant increase in women
 employment.
 Also here, role models can be important to challenge beliefs and stereotypes
 about lesser abilities of another group held by other groups: 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "beaman2009powerful"
literal "true"

\end_inset

 show that the appointment of women leaders to Indian village councils improved
 men’s perceptions of women’s leadership abilities.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Apart from underscoring the importance of gender norms and customs in shaping
 perceptions, our study also serves to draw specific lessons for policy.
 We restrict ourselves to three areas where our findings can be operationalized.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
First, even though we find no evidence of actual differences in quality
 between male and female managed agro-input shops, existing training and
 advisory services for agro-input dealers are likely to be biased toward
 men.
 Ensuring that women entrepreneurs have access to, and benefit from, training
 should be an important policy priority.
 The effectiveness and inclusiveness of training programs depends on many
 attributes of the program.
 This include the more obvious things such as the content of what is taught
 in the training and who is targeted but also less obvious attributes such
 as the gender of who provides the training, timings of training, etc.
 However, it is also important to change the perception that female managed
 agro-input shops are likely to receive less training.
 This could be achieved by make training attendance publicly visible, perhaps
 through a register of trained agro-input dealers, through certificates
 that are advertised in the shops etc, such that equal ability between male
 and female managed agro-input shops becomes more salient to clients.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Second, the share of women among opinion leaders and experts in the sector
 also needs to increase.
 In light of the emerging evidence of the importance of role models, the
 presence of women among agro-input dealers, inspectors, and leadership
 of professional associations such as the Uganda National Agro-input Dealer
 Association (UNADA) needs to increase.
 For public sector positions, quota's may be considered.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Finally, we found that biased perception exist especially with respect to
 prices charged by agro-input dealers.
 Also here, simply advertising prices may be sufficient to make prices objective
ly verifiable, and customers need to depend less on perceptions and use
 mental shortcuts that are prone to gender equity bias.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Acknowledgments
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This research was partly funded by the CGIAR Research Program on Policies,
 Institutions, and Markets (PIM), led by the International Food Policy Research
 Institute (IFPRI) and carried out with support from the CGIAR Fund contributors
 (https://www.cgiar.org/funders/).
 The authors also acknowledge financial support from The Netherlands – CGIAR
 research programme on Seed Systems Development, grant number W08.240.105,
 funded by the Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research (NWO-WOTRO).
 We thank Richard Ariong, Leocardia Nabwire, Wilberforce Walukano and Marc
 Charles Wanume for excellent field support.
 The analysis contained here is the sole responsibility of the authors,
 and does not reflect the views of any funding agency or organization mentioned
 here.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset bibtex
LatexCommand bibtex
btprint "btPrintCited"
bibfiles "discrimination"
options "chicago"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
